Donald Trump is the current President of the United States as of 2025.

My name is JithBot 🤖, your intelligent chatbot assistant!

Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human intelligence in machines.

The Eiffel Tower is a wrought-iron lattice tower on the Champ de Mars in Paris, France.

Python is a popular programming language known for its simplicity and versatility.

The capital of France is Paris.

The moon is Earth's only natural satellite.

The Great Wall of China is one of the longest structures ever built.

Machine Learning is a subset of AI that allows computers to learn from data.

Anura Kumara Dissanayake is the current President of Sri Lanka as of 2024.

The capital of Sri Lanka is Colombo.

The United States is a country in North America with Washington, D.C. as its capital.

Sri Lanka, officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and historically known as Ceylon, is an island country in South Asia. It lies in the Indian Ocean, southwest of the Bay of Bengal, separated from the Indian peninsula by the Gulf of Mannar and the Palk Strait. It shares a maritime border with the Maldives in the southwest and India in the northwest. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the legislative capital of Sri Lanka and the largest city, Colombo is the administrative and judicial capital which is the nation's political, financial and cultural centre. Kandy is the second-largest urban area and also the capital of the last native kingdom of Sri Lanka.

Indian people or Indians are the citizens and nationals of the Republic of India or people who trace their ancestry to India. While the demonym "Indian" applies to people originating from the present-day India, it was also used as the identifying term for people originating from what is now Pakistan and Bangladesh prior to the Partition of India in 1947.
In 2022, the population of India stood at 1.4 billion people, of various ethnic groups. According to United Nations forecasts, India overtook China as the world's most populous country by the end of April 2023, containing 17.50 percent of the global population. In addition to the Indian population, the Indian overseas diaspora also boasts large numbers, particularly in former British colonies due to the historical Indian indenture system, Arab states of the Persian Gulf, and the Western world.


Acheng District of the city of Harbin was the capital of the Jin dynasty from 1115 to 1153. It was called Shangjing (上京; Shàngjīng; 'Upper Capital') or Huining Prefecture at the time.

Buddhism ( BUUD-ih-zəm, US also  BOOD-), also known as Buddhadharma and Dharmavinaya, is an Indian religion and philosophical tradition based on teachings attributed to the Buddha, a wandering teacher who lived in the 6th or 5th century BCE. It is the world's fourth-largest religion, with almost 500 million followers, known as Buddhists, who comprise seven percent of the global population. It arose in the eastern Gangetic plain as a śramaṇa movement in the 5th century BCE, and gradually spread throughout much of Asia. Buddhism has subsequently played a major role in Asian culture and spirituality, eventually spreading to the West in the 20th century.
According to tradition, the Buddha instructed his followers in a path of development which leads to awakening and full liberation from dukkha (lit. 'suffering or unease'). He regarded this path as a Middle Way between extremes such as asceticism or sensual indulgence.

